Testing
Requirements / Assumptions used
input data must contain two integers(specifying margins) and a text file
the ouput must not cross the margins
1 blank in between words and 2 blanks between sentences
first line must start at the left margin

longest input line is 80 characters
the margin integers are for character spaces
keep the same format and linebreaks as original text

Algorithm (pseudo code)
read two integers that determine the margins
80 minus the two margins determines the space for the text
each line will be indented as far as the left margin
read the text file line by line
if the character count is larger than the text space midword
  then the word is moved to the next line and a new count is started

Source code
assn.py


Test cases used with results
TEST1.TXT with margins 6, 6
      “You take a drink with your friends, and somebody says, ‘Yeah,
      we should go skydiving tomorrow!” You go, ‘Yeah, we’ll go
      skydiving tomorrow!’ ‘Yeah! Yeah!’ Everybody goes, ‘Yeah!’
      Then that night, you’re laying in your bed and you just keep,
      ‘Uh, uh.’ You’re terrified. You keep imagining over and over
      again jumping out of an airplane, and you can’t figure out why you
      would do that. You wake up the next day, and you go down you said
      you were going to meet, and everybody’s there. You get in the van
      and be like, ‘Oh my God. Oh my God.’ Your stomach is terrible.
      You can’t eat and everything, but you don’t want to be the only
      punk who doesn’t jump out of this airplane. You fly, and you go
      up, you go up, you go up, and you go up to 14,000 feet.

      “Somebody opens the door, and in that moment, you realize you’ve
      never been in a freaking airplane with the door open. You’re
      looking out down to death. They say, ‘On three,’ and they say,
      ‘One, two,’ and he pushes you on two because people grab on
      three. You go, ‘Ahhh.’ You fall out of the airplane. In one
      second, you realize that it’s the most blissful experience of your
      life. You’re flying. There’s zero fear. You realize at the point
      of maximum danger is the point of minimum fear. It’s bliss. Why
      were you scared in your bed the night before? What do you need that
      fear for? Everything up to the stepping point, there’s actually no
      reason to be scared. It only just ruins your day. The best things in
      life are on the other side of terror, on the other side of your
      maximum fear, are all of the best things in life.”

Insert left margin: 30
Insert right margin: 52
Margins are too small.

TEST2.TXT with margins 20, 20
                    She lives in my thoughts and then she
                    visits in my dreams so I see her at
                    night and then I see her again during
                    the day and whether or not she
                    physically passes my way, the day that
                    we met begins to play and rewinds in my
                    mind at least one time every thirty
                    minutes.
                    That’s like 48 times a day.
                    That’s like 336 times a week, and she
                    makes me weak in my knees and I can
                    hardly speak like that old tune song
                    As I stand here like a deer in the
                    headlights of her beauty as she dances
                    on my ideas
                    and before she sleeps it’s like she
                    wraps herself in my memories
                    and she sets the needs of my soul with
                    the melodies of her voice,
                    She was the first girl to make my palms
                    moist just by walking next to her.
                    And even though her beauty consumes me I
                    sit back wondering whether or not I
                    should actually pursue her.

                    And I know what you’re thinking:
                    I’m just some love-sick fool
                    but tell me what would you do if you saw
                    the most beautiful flower?
                    I mean even if you don’t like flowers,
                    but you just saw this one flower that
                    took your breath away
                    I mean a flower so beautiful that even
                    the hardest of thugs stopped to say
                    “yo, that flower’s kinda nice”